#Physical Tab:
The Physical tab provides an interface for interacting with the device including powering it on or off or installing different modules, such as a wireless network interface card (NIC).

#Config Tab:
For intermediate devices such as routers and switches, there are two ways to access device configurations. Configurations can be accessed via a Config tab, which is a Graphical User Interface (GUI). Configurations can also be accessed using a command line interface (CLI).
The Config tab does not simulate the functionality of a device. This tab is unique to Packet Tracer. If you don’t know how to use the command line interface, this tab provides a way to use a Packet Tracer-only GUI to configure basic settings. As settings are changed in the GUI, the equivalent CLI commands appear in the Equivalent IOS Commands window. This helps you to learn the CLI commands and the Cisco Internetwork Operating System (IOS) while you are using the Config tab.
For example, in the figure, the user has configured MyRouter as the name of the device. The Equivalent IOS Commands window shows the IOS command that achieves the same results in the CLI.
In addition, device configuration files can be saved, loaded, erased, and exported here.

#CLI Tab:
The CLI tab provides access to the command line interface of a Cisco device. Using the CLI tab requires knowledge of device configuration with IOS. Here, you can practice configuring Cisco devices at the command line. CLI configuration is a necessary skill for more advanced networking implementations.

#Desktop Tab:
For some end devices, such as PCs and laptops, Packet Tracer provides a desktop interface that gives you access to IP configuration, wireless configuration, a command prompt, a web browser, and other applications.
Note: Any commands that were entered from the Config tab are also shown in the CLI tab.

#Services Tab
A server has all of the functions of a host with the addition of one more tab, the Services tab. This tab allows a server to be configured with common server processes such as HTTP, DHCP, DNS, or other services, as shown in the figure.
